Add functions to email macros guide (#2422)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/email-customization/customize-email-templates/index.md

Previously with EL syntax, you could reference the first name of the user by using `${user.firstName}`. Now with the Velocity Templating syntax, you would use `$user.profile.firstName`.

> The previously available template variables are listed in [Customization Variables](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/Content/Topics/Settings/settings-customization-variables.htm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previously available template variables are listed in [Customization Variables](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext_ref_email_variables).
```

Reviewer: Sorry, updating the product doc link with alias.

Variables used for function parameters must match the function data type. For example, you can't use a string variable with the `formatTimeDiffHourNow()` function because the parameter data must be an integer.

There are slight differences between EL templating syntax and VTL syntax. For example, the following EL and VTL syntax call the same function.

EL templating syntax:

`${f:formatTimeDiffHoursNowInUserLocale(org.activationTokenExpirationHours)}`

VTL syntax:

`$f.formatTimeDiffHoursNowInUserLocale($org.activationTokenExpirationHours)`

| Expression                                                    | Definition                                                                                                          |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| replace(String input, String matchString, String replacement) | Replaces all occurrences of the match string with the replacement string                                           |

> | substringAfter(String input, String matchString)              | Returns the input substring after the occurrence of a given match string, or an empty string if there isn't |

Reviewer 2: Can we change the definition to: `Returns the input substring after the occurrence of a given match string, or an empty string if no occurrence of the match string exists in the input string`.

Author: done thanks! that's better

> | substringBefore(String input, String matchString)             | Returns the input substring before the occurrence of a given match string, or an empty string if no occurrence of match string exists in input string |

Reviewer 2: Nit - can we change the last part of the definition to: `if no occurrence of THE match string exists in THE input string`?

> | substringBefore(String input, String matchString)             | Returns the input substring before the occurrence of a given match string, or an empty string if no occurrence of the match string exists in input string |

Reviewer 2: Nit - it should say `... if no occurrence of the match string exists in the input string`. Just the missing `the`.

| toLowerCase(String input)                                     | Converts the given input string to all lowercase                                                                   |
| toUpperCase(String input)                                     | Converts the given input string to all uppercase                                                                   |
| substring(String input, int startIndex, int endIndex)         | Extracts a range of characters from the given input string                                                         |
| formatTimeDiffHoursNow(int hours)                             | Produces a formatted duration string from the current time to the given number of hours                                                 |
| formatTimeDiffHoursNowInUserLocale(int hours)                 | Produces a localized formatted duration string for the given number of hours                                       |

> | formatTimeDiffDateNow(Date date)                              | Produces a formatted duration string for the given date                                                            |

Reviewer 3: Just Identified a bug for this function call with Date param. This does not work as expected. cc @vigneshnarasimankumar-okta

> The previously available template variables are listed in [Customization Variables](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/Content/Topics/Settings/Settings_Email.htm).

Author: fixed, thanks!

> The previously available template variables are listed in [Customization Variables](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/Content/Topics/Settings/Settings_Email.htm).

Reviewer: Sorry Albert, I was chatting with Maureen and she says we should be using aliases since these links could change.
Can you please change the link to this one?
https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext_ref_email_variables

|---------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| replace(String input, String matchString, String replacement) | Replaces all occurrences of the match string with the replacement string.                                           |
| substringAfter(String input, String matchString)              | Returns the substring after the given match string, or an empty string if the matchString doesn't match the input.  |
| substringBefore(String input, String matchString)             | Returns the substring before the given match string, or an empty string if the matchString doesn't match the input. |
| toLowerCase(String input)                                     | Converts the given input string to all lowercase.                                                                   |
| toUpperCase(String input)                                     | Converts the given input string to all uppercase.                                                                   |

> | substring(String input, int startIndex, int endIndex)         | Extracts a range of characters from the given input string.                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| substring(String input, int startIndex, int endIndex)         | Extracts a range of characters from the given input string                                                         |
```
